The billionth digit of Pi is 9.
Humans can survive underwater. But not for very long.
A nanosecond lasts one billionth of a second.
Honey does not spoil.
The atomic weight of Germanium is 72.64.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Rats cannot throw up.
The moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days.
A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds.
According to Norse legend, thunder god Thor's chariot was pulled across the sky by two goats.
Tungsten has the highest melting point of any metal, at 3,410 degrees Celsius.
Gently cleaning the tongue twice a day is the most effective way to fight bad breath.
The value of Pi is the ratio of any circle's circumference to its diameter in Euclidean space.
Marie Curie invented the theory of radioactivity, the treatment of radioactivity, and dying of radioactivity.
Hot water freezes quicker than cold water.
Polymerase I polypeptide A is a human gene.
The Sun is 330,330 times larger than Earth.
Dental floss has superb tensile strength.
Raseph, the Semitic god of war and plague, had a gazelle growing out of his forehead.
Human tapeworms can grow up to twenty-two point nine meters.
If you have trouble with simple counting, use the following mnemonic device: one comes before two comes before 60 comes after 12 comes before six trillion comes after 504. This will make your earlier counting difficulties seem like no big deal.
The first person to prove that cow's milk is drinkable was very, very thirsty.
Roman toothpaste was made with human urine. Urine as an ingredient in toothpaste continued to be used up until the 18th century.
Volcano-ologists are experts in the study of volcanoes.
In Victorian England, a commoner was not allowed to look directly at the Queen, due to a belief at the time that the poor had the ability to steal thoughts. Science now believes that less than 4% of poor people are able to do this.
Cellular phones will not give you cancer. Only hepatitis.
In Greek myth, Prometheus stole fire from the Gods and gave it to humankind. The jewelry he kept for himself.
The Schrödinger's cat paradox outlines a situation in which a cat in a box must be considered, for all intents and purposes, simultaneously alive and dead. Schrödinger created this paradox as a justification for killing cats.
In 1862, Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation, freeing the slaves. Like everything he did, Lincoln freed the slaves while sleepwalking, and later had no memory of the event.
The plural of surgeon general is surgeons general. The past tense of surgeons general is surgeonsed general.
Contrary to popular belief, the Eskimo does not have one hundred different words for snow. They do, however, have two hundred and thirty-four words for fudge.
Diamonds are made when coal is put under intense pressure. Diamonds put under intense pressure become foam pellets, commonly used today as packing material.
Halley's Comet can be viewed orbiting Earth every seventy-six years. For the other seventy-five, it retreats to the heart of the sun, where it hibernates undisturbed.
The first commercial airline flight took to the air in 1914. Everyone involved screamed the entire way.
Edmund Hillary, the first person to climb Mount Everest, did so accidentally while chasing a bird.
Dreams are the subconscious mind's way of reminding people to go to school naked and have their teeth fall out.
The square root of rope is string.
89% of magic tricks are not magic. Technically, they are sorcery.
At some point in their lives 1 in 6 children will be abducted by the Dutch.
According to most advanced algorithms, the world's best name is Craig.
To make a photocopier, simply photocopy a mirror.
Whales are twice as intelligent, and three times as delicious, as humans.
Pants were invented by sailors in the sixteenth century to avoid Poseidon's wrath. It was believed that the sight of naked sailors angered the sea god.
In Greek myth, the craftsman Daedalus invented human flight so a group of Minotaurs would stop teasing him about it.
The average life expectancy of a rhinoceros in captivity is 15 years.
China produces the world's second largest crop of soybeans.
In 1948, at the request of a dying boy, baseball legend Babe Ruth ate seventy-five hot dogs, then died of hot dog poisoning.
William Shakespeare did not exist. His plays were masterminded in 1589 by Francis Bacon, who used a Ouija board to enslave play-writing ghosts.
It is incorrectly noted that Thomas Edison invented 'push-ups' in 1878. Nikolai Tesla had in fact patented the activity three years earlier, under the name 'Tesla-cize'.
The automobile brake was not invented until 1895. Before this, someone had to remain in the car at all times, driving in circles until passengers returned from their errands.
The most poisonous fish in the world is the orange ruffy. Everything but its eyes are made of a deadly poison. The ruffy's eyes are composed of a less harmful, deadly poison.
The occupation of court jester was invented accidentally, when a vassal's epilepsy was mistaken for capering.
Before the Wright Brothers invented the airplane, anyone wanting to fly anywhere was required to eat 200 pounds of helium.
Before the invention of scrambled eggs in 1912, the typical breakfast was either whole eggs still in the shell or scrambled rocks.
During the Great Depression, the Tennessee Valley Authority outlawed pet rabbits, forcing many to hot glue-gun long ears onto their pet mice.
Space does not exist.
You will never go into space.
While the submarine is vastly superior to the boat in every way, over 97% of people still use boats for aquatic transportation.
The likelihood of you dying within the next five minutes is eighty-seven point six one percent.
The likelihood of you dying violently within the next five minutes is eighty-seven point six one percent.
You could stand to lose a few pounds.
Avocados have the highest fiber and calories of any fruit.
Avocados have the highest fiber and calories of any fruit. They are found in Australians.
Every square inch of the human body has 32 million bacteria on it.
The average adult body contains half a pound of salt.
Apples. Oranges. Pears. Plums. Kumquats. Tangerines. Lemons. Limes. Avocado. Tomato. Banana. Papaya. Guava.
Error. Error. Error. Fact not found.
Every League of Legends player has a 75% Lose rate.
Every character in League of Legends is overpowered as long as you do not pick them.
Arcaiox is very handsome.
Arcaiox is the most handsome.
Arcaiox is very intelligent.
Arcaiox is incredibly handsome.
Arcaiox is always right.
Arcaiox is never wrong.
Arcaiox is an inspiration for all of us.
These facts are always correct.
MrHedmad is, in fact, omniscient.
Reaperangel has never won a game fairly.
Inexplicably, playing with Reaperangel causes your team's nexus to explode violently at 20 minutes.
The most effective way to fight global warming is using fans.
Nonnonannis is actually a ghost that has possessed the body of Fabio Petrucci, whom disappeared in 1989.
Nonnonannis does not exist.
Nonnonannis is the head of a cult that worships avocadoes.
Nonnonannis is actually a very hairy woman.
Devix will carry us all.
Devix actually lives inside a massive vat ofhand sanitizer.
The most effective way to fight global warming is using snow cannons everywhere.
Nonnonannis shouldn't be a mod.
